Update `ES_HOST` to document TLS usage (#1140)
mastodon/documentation: content/en/admin/elasticsearch.md

# ES_PASS=
```

> _Note_: If using TLS, prepend the hostname with `https://`. For example: `https://myelastic.tld`.

Reviewer: Same as above.

```suggestion
_Note_: If using TLS, prepend the hostname with `https://`. For example: `https://elastic.example.com`.
```
